you
always been in the dark horse nah man
you know Christian is you know an
incredibly talented incredibly classy
rider he'd be a little fragile and
inconsistent but this week you could see
he was coming into his own and when he
does that he's he's an amazing amazing
athlete and so you know I I knew a
little bit more about about what was
going on in his head and about you know
the level of focus and his form and some
other people that would have said oh you
know the more logical choice is TJ Levi
or whatever i could see coming the
christian when it comes with him it
always comes in a big way
we've learned the same hard this week
and they're they're tired tired group
guys but you know that aggressive
attitude from day one is you know is
what allowed the team spiritual to build
and build and build each day and that's
what gave Christian the you know the
confidence of jeans you the land
oh I mean listen you now and today I
think these guys came in wanting a
little bit of revenge for having a bit
of a fun lucky Tour de France and they
and then succeeded they took it out on
the rest of them they took it out of the
rest of cholera Belgium exactly I hit
actually had a lot of confidence and
today I had a lot a lot of confidence
much more confidence other people had at
me so I just kind of like a feather in
my cap that I a lot of people didn't
know that I had I felt felt good since
coming out of the tour I'm at I'm sure
buck I don't know why say same thing
happened last year so it was I was I was
oh I was very excited after yesterday
wouldn't when I took some time out of TJ
and stayed closely by then I knew to do
that I had it I was in with the shot but
this race has been amazing from start to
finish and our team's animated from from
you know Tom ripping it through his alma
mater all the way to here in Denver so
it's been an amazing race for garmin
sharp and you know i'm excited to define
i put the cherry on top with the yellow
jersey at the end of the race Charlie
wanted to come at this with you know
with guns blazing from from day one and
it wasn't hard to talk tom into doing
that you know down in Durango so that's
what we did and the team did the heavy
lifting for me that was that was the
that was the best part about it for
myself or you know a lot of times it
takes me a couple days to really come
into form during during a race and the
team took all the pressure off my
shoulders were I didn't have to do much
and just just follow wheels for the
first couple days and you know yesterday
I really started feeling myself and
today that I knew it'd be great but yeah
the team has been to took took all the
steps to make it is as brutal as
possible throughout the racing I think
what happened at this race was we all
came together we all looked at each
other in the eye you know down in
we also we're in good form we said all
right we're going to make a plan and
we're just going to stick to that plan I
think in the past a lot of times we've
second-guess ourselves or whatever we
said we saw Christian and the TTT of
Utah you know we could barely hold onto
his wheel we sell right it comes down to
the time child this guy's the best guy
for the job we saw ourselves into climbs
we figured out how to do that Charlie
came up with a crazy plan had a lot of
fun doing it and you know look look at
those courses those were hard courses to
do what we did you know it was not
really selective courses and we made
them selectively you know we you know
hundred people finish this race and I
would I think we can take pride in and
being responsible for that so we had a
great time but the biggest thing is is
we came together as a team we all came
up with objectives and we never
second-guess ourselves and you saw
Christian to that he knew what he had to
do and he did it
sure the race does scare away sprinters
because it's so hard you know this this
race wasn't on my calendar in November
that's for sure and you know in
hindsight I'm really glad I came here
but yeah you know what I looked at the
race i really only thought there would
be one sprint for the whole week and
that's it's a whole lot of suffering for
one opportunity and you know guys like
me we look at it we go okay well i could
go there and get my head kicked in for
six days and sprint once or I could go
to an eco-tour and sprint five times in
a week you know but I there's always a
nice balance to strike and you know I
think the important thing is to make the
race exciting every day and I I think
this was a pretty exciting race of
course personally I wouldn't complain if
there was a another sprint stage next
year but but I guess I I mean I have
nothing but positive things to take away
from this week I think every day was
exciting like you said the leader's
jersey changed back and forth constantly
and it was really good racing and good
watch on TV I would imagine and it was
fun to do is ask one of the riders